bytesize nft-bam (#2649)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2024/bytesize_nft_bam.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: nft-bam'
subtitle: Nicolas Vannieuwkerke, Center For Medical Genetics Ghent
type: talk
startDate: '2024-07-30'
startTime: '13:00+02:00'
endDate: '2024-07-30'
endTime: '13:30+02:00'
locations:
  - links:
      - https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

> Writing tests using `nf-test` can be a daunting task, but the plugin `nft-bam` (find the docs [here](https://nvnieuwk.github.io/nft-bam/latest/)) just made it so much easier for any nf-tests for SAM, BAM or CRAM files! Join us for this weeks bytesize with Nicolas Vannieuwkerke ([@nvnieuwk](https://github.com/nvnieuwk)) to see how to use `nft-bam`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting stable nf-test snapshots for SAM, BAM or CRAM files can be tricky, but the plugin [`nft-bam`](https://nvnieuwk.github.io/nft-bam/latest/) just made it so much easier! Join us for this weeks bytesize with Nicolas Vannieuwkerke ([@nvnieuwk](https://github.com/nvnieuwk)) to see how to use `nft-bam`.
```
